content/freelance.md, before:

---
title: "Freelance Writing"
date: 2021-08-17
authorbox: false
sidebar: false
menu: 
    main: 
        name: "Freelance Writing"
        weight: 30
---

## 2021
[Thinking Outside of the Box When Communicating About Pain](https://www.painresearchforum.org/news/176410-thinking-outside-box-when-communicating-about-pain) | *Pain Research Forum*, 10 August 2021

[Cognitive Behavioral Group Therapy and Mindfulness Based Stress Reduction Recruit Similar Brain Regions](https://www.brainpost.co/weekly-brainpost/2021/7/27/cognitive-behavioral-group-therapy-and-mindfulness-based-stress-reduction-recruit-similar-brain-regions) | *BrainPost*, 27 July 2021

[Dopamine and Brain Network Dynamics in Schizophrenia](https://www.brainpost.co/weekly-brainpost/2021/6/15/dopamine-and-brain-network-dynamics-in-schizophrenia) | *BrainPost*, 15 June 2021

[IASP 2021 Virtual World Congress on Pain Award Winners: An Interview With Gary Lewin](https://www.painresearchforum.org/forums/interview/170966-iasp-2021-virtual-world-congress-pain-award-winners-interview-gary-lewin) Pain Research Forum, 1 June 2021

[IASP 2021 Virtual World Congress on Pain Award Winners: An Interview With Srinivasa Raja](https://www.painresearchforum.org/forums/interview/170965-iasp-2021-virtual-world-congress-pain-award-winners-interview-srinivasa-raja) | *Pain Research Forum*, 1 June 2021

[The Transition From Acute to Chronic Low Back Pain: How Common Is It? What Are the Risk Factors?](https://www.painresearchforum.org/news/169255-transition-acute-chronic-low-back-pain-how-common-it-what-are-risk-factors) | *Pain Research Forum*, 11 May 2021

[Greater Education Does Not Reduce the Rate of Brain Aging](https://www.brainpost.co/weekly-brainpost/2021/5/11/greater-education-does-not-reduce-the-rate-of-brain-aging) | *BrainPost*, 11 May 2021

[How Memories are ‘Rotated’ to Avoid Sensory Interference](https://www.brainpost.co/weekly-brainpost/2021/4/20/how-memories-are-protected-from-sensory-interference) | *BrainPost*, 20 April 2021

[Effect of Early Life Events on Latitude Gradient for Multiple Sclerosis](https://www.brainpost.co/weekly-brainpost/2021/3/16/effect-of-early-life-events-on-latitude-gradient-for-multiple-sclerosis-zsg9f) | *BrainPost*, 16 March 2021

[Positive Therapeutic Suggestions During General Anesthesia Reduce Pain and Opioid Use after Surgery](https://relief.news/2021/02/11/positive-therapeutic-suggestions-during-general-anesthesia-reduce-pain-and-opioid-use-after-surgery/) | *RELIEF*, 11 February 2021

[Timing Differences in Neural Responses Related to Perception of Synesthetic Colors](https://www.brainpost.co/weekly-brainpost/2021/2/9/timing-differences-in-neural-responses-related-to-perception-of-synesthetic-colors) | *BrainPost*, 9 February 2021

[Therapeutic Suggestions During General Anesthesia Reduce Postoperative Pain and Opioid Use](https://www.painresearchforum.org/news/161788-therapeutic-suggestions-during-general-anesthesia-reduce-postoperative-pain-and-opioid) | *Pain Research Forum*, 8 February 2021

[The Effect of Nucleus Accumbens Medium Spiny Neuron Subtypes on Stress-Induced Sleep Changes](https://www.brainpost.co/weekly-brainpost/2021/1/19/the-effect-of-nucleus-accumbens-medium-spiny-neuron-subtypes-on-stress-induced-sleep-changes) | *BrainPost*, 19 January 2021

## 2020
[Close Relationships Facilitate Efficient Performance of Social Goals](https://www.brainpost.co/weekly-brainpost/2020/12/8/close-relationships-facilitate-efficient-performance-of-social-goals) | *BrainPost*, 8 December 2020

[Natural Connection Patterns Drive Brain Development](https://www.brainpost.co/weekly-brainpost/2020/11/10/natural-connection-patterns-drive-brain-development) | *BrainPost*, 10 November 2020

[More Than a Watch: How Wearable Tech is Helping Advance Neuroscience](https://www.brainpost.co/weekly-brainpost/2020/10/20/more-than-a-watch-how-wearable-tech-is-helping-advance-neuroscience) | *BrainPost*, 20 October 2020

[Of Autoantibodies in Mice and Men: A Chat With Andreas Goebel](https://www.painresearchforum.org/forums/interview/151801-autoantibodies-mice-and-men-chat-andreas-goebel) | *Pain Research Forum*, 1 October 2020

[Understanding Osteoarthritis and the Pain It Causes: A Chat With Tuhina Neogi](https://www.painresearchforum.org/forums/interview/151206-understanding-osteoarthritis-and-pain-it-causes-chat-tuhina-neogi) | *Pain Research Forum*, 23 September 2020

[The Role of Group Identity in Social Influence](https://www.brainpost.co/weekly-brainpost/2020/9/22/the-role-of-group-identity-in-social-influence) | *BrainPost*, 22 September 2020

[Neuropeptides and Astrocytes Regulate Adult Neural Stem Cell Activity](https://www.brainpost.co/weekly-brainpost/2020/9/8/neuropeptides-and-astrocytes-regulate-adult-neural-stem-cell-activity) | *BrainPost*, 8 September 2020

[Pupillary Responses Linked to Neuronal Activity in the Insula](https://www.brainpost.co/weekly-brainpost/2020/8/11/pupillary-responses-linked-to-neuronal-activity-in-the-insula) | *BrainPost*, 12 August 2020

[Looking to Toxins to Understand Pain: A Chat With Australian Pain Society 2020 Rising Star Samuel Robinson](https://relief.news/2020/08/05/looking-to-toxins-to-understand-pain-a-chat-with-australian-pain-society-2020-rising-star-samuel-robinson/) | *RELIEF*, August 5 2020

[Racial Differences in Placebo Hypoalgesia](https://www.lincolntracy.com/posts/racial-differences-placebo-hypoalgesia/) | *Personal Website*, 25 July 2020

[Improving Musculoskeletal Pain Care in Brazil Through Education: An Interview with Physiotherapist-Turned-Researcher Felipe Reis](https://relief.news/2020/07/15/improving-musculoskeletal-pain-care-in-brazil-through-education-an-interview-with-physiotherapist-turned-researcher-felipe-reis/) | *RELIEF*, 15 July 2020

[Olfactory Support Cells, Not Primary Neurons, Are Targeted in COVID-19](https://www.brainpost.co/weekly-brainpost/2020/7/14/olfactory-support-cells-not-primary-neurons-are-targeted-in-covid-19) | *BrainPost*, 14 July 2020

[Looking to Toxins to Understand Pain: A Chat With Australian Pain Society 2020 Rising Star Samuel Robinson](https://www.painresearchforum.org/forums/interview/144979-looking-toxins-understand-pain-chat-australian-pain-society-2020-rising-star) | *Pain Research Forum*, 9 July 2020

[The Role of the Anterior Cingulate Cortex in Effort-Based Decision Making](https://www.brainpost.co/weekly-brainpost/2020/6/16/the-role-of-the-anterior-cingulate-cortex-in-effort-based-decision-making) | *BrainPost*, 16 June 2020

[Investigating the Mechanisms of Neuropathic Pain: An Interview With Margarita Calvo](https://www.painresearchforum.org/forums/interview/141896-investigating-mechanisms-neuropathic-pain-interview-margarita-calvo) | *Pain Research Forum*, 2 June 2020

[An International, Modern Replication of Prospect Theory](https://www.brainpost.co/weekly-brainpost/2020/5/26/an-international-modern-replication-of-prospect-theory) | *BrainPost*, 26 May 2020

[More Than One Way to Build a Thought](https://www.brainpost.co/weekly-brainpost/2020/4/21/more-than-one-way-to-build-a-thought-different-brain-regions-make-distinct-contributions) | *BrainPost*, 21 April 2020

[In the Search for New Drugs, the Migraine Field Wins the Day ─ Again](https://relief.news/in-the-search-for-new-drugs-the-migraine-field-wins-the-day-%e2%94%80-again/) | *RELIEF*, 1 April 2020 

[Nucleus Accumbens Inhibition is Required for Appetitive or Fearful Behaviors](https://www.brainpost.co/weekly-brainpost/2020/2/25/nucleus-accumbens-inhibition-is-required-for-appetitive-or-fearful-behaviors) | *BrainPost*, 25 February 2020

[2020 IASP World Congress on Pain Award Winners: An Interview With Jan Vollert](https://www.painresearchforum.org/forums/interview/134934-2020-iasp-world-congress-pain-award-winners-interview-jan-vollert) | *Pain Research Forum*, 24 February 2020

[Sports Psychology to Rehabilitation Medicine: An Interview with Shelley Wiechman](/files/content/posts/shelley-wiechman/wiechman.pdf) | *Australian Pain Society*, 13 February 2020

[Learning from Your Mistakes: The Role of Dopamine Activity in Prediction Errors](https://www.brainpost.co/weekly-brainpost/2020/2/11/learning-from-your-mistakes-the-role-of-dopamine-activity-in-prediction-errors) | *BrainPost*, 11 February 2020

[In the Search for New Drugs, the Migraine Field Wins the Day ─ Again](https://www.painresearchforum.org/news/133509-search-new-drugs-migraine-field-wins-day-%E2%94%80-again) | *Pain Research Forum*, 4 February 2020

[Gene-Environment Interactions, Major Depressive Disorder and Traumatic Experiences](https://www.brainpost.co/weekly-brainpost/2020/1/28/gene-environment-interactions-major-depressive-disorder-and-traumatic-experiences) | *BrainPost*, 29 January 2020

[When a Headache Treatment Actually Makes the Headache Worse](https://relief.news/when-a-headache-treatment-actually-makes-the-headache-worse/) | *RELIEF*, 23 January 2020

## 2019
[Ongoing Antidepressant Medication Treatment Prevents Recurrence of Major Depression](https://www.brainpost.co/weekly-brainpost/2019/12/24/ongoing-antidepressant-medication-treatment-prevents-recurrence-of-major-depression) | *BrainPost*, 24 December 2019

[A Pioneering Nurse Researcher and The Fresh Prince: An Interview with Alette De Jong](/files/content/posts/alette-dejong/dejong.pdf) | *Australian Pain Society eNewsletter*, 12 December 2019

[Meanings of Pain Volume 2: Common Types of Pain and Language](/files/content/posts/meanings-of-pain-vol2/meaningsofpain.pdf) | *Australian Pain Society eNewsletter*, 12 December 2019

[A New Mechanism of Medication-Overuse Headache](https://www.painresearchforum.org/news/129507-new-mechanism-medication-overuse-headache) | *Pain Research Forum*, 4 December 2019

[Keep At It: Improving an Old Strategy to Find New Treatments for Itch](https://relief.news/keep-at-it-improving-an-old-strategy-to-find-new-treatments-for-itch/) | *RELIEF*, 19 November 2019

[Creepy-Crawlies in Pain Research: From a Spider Venom to a Pain Reliever in Mice](https://relief.news/creepy-crawlies-in-pain-research-from-a-spider-venom-to-a-pain-reliever/) | *RELIEF*, 7 November 2019

[Stress-Induced Lateral Habenula Changes and the Association with Depressive Behavior in Mice](https://www.brainpost.co/weekly-brainpost/2019/11/5/stress-induced-lateral-habenula-changes-and-the-association-with-depressive-behavior-in-mice?rq=Lincoln%20Tracy) | *BrainPost*, 5 November 2019

[If at First You Don’t Succeed, Try, Try Again: An Improved Strategy to Treat Itch](https://www.painresearchforum.org/news/126348-if-first-you-don%E2%80%99t-succeed-try-try-again-improved-strategy-treat-itch) | *Pain Research Forum*, 15 October 2019

[X-Chromosome Insufficiency Alters the Structure and Function of the Human Visual Cortex](https://www.brainpost.co/weekly-brainpost/2019/10/15/x-chromosome-insufficiency-alters-the-structure-and-function-of-the-human-visual-cortex) | *BrainPost*, 15 October 2019

[Everybody Has Won and All Must Have Prizes: Dodo Birds in Psychological Treatments for Chronic Pain](https://www.painresearchforum.org/news/125485-%E2%80%9Ceverybody-has-won-and-all-must-have-prizes%E2%80%9D-dodo-birds-psychological-treatments-chronic) | *Pain Research Forum*, 2 October 2019

[Focus and Frank: A Conversation with Sean Mackey](/files/content/posts/sean-mackey/mackey.pdf) | *Australian Pain Society eNewsletter*, 2 October 2019

[Communication Between Brain Regions During Working Memory](https://www.brainpost.co/weekly-brainpost/2019/9/24/communication-between-brain-regions-during-working-memory) | *BrainPost*, 25 September 2019

[Back to Basics (Pain Research)](/files/content/posts/bpr-sig-pcw-2019/bprsig2019pcw.pdf) | *Australian Pain Society eNewsletter*, 5 September 2019

[Identification of a Novel Neural Circuit for Depressive Symptoms in Chronic Pain](https://www.brainpost.co/weekly-brainpost/2019/9/3/identification-of-a-novel-neural-circuit-for-depressive-symptoms-in-chronic-pain) | *BrainPost*, 4 September 2019

[Cerebral Blood Flow Changes as a Potential Biomarker of Major Depressive Disorder](https://www.brainpost.co/weekly-brainpost/2019/8/13/cerebral-blood-flow-changes-as-a-potential-biomarker-of-major-depressive-disorder) | *BrainPost*, 13 August 2019

[From a Spider Venom to an Analgesic in Mice](https://www.painresearchforum.org/news/121897-spider-venom-analgesic-mice) | *Pain Research Forum*, 7 August 2019

[Personalised Treatment, Collaboration, and Puzzles: A Chat with Nanna Finnerup](/files/content/posts/nanna-finnerup/finnerup.pdf) | *Australian Pain Society eNewsletter*, 5 August 2019

[Development of a Viral Vector Library to Target Retinal Cell Types](https://www.brainpost.co/weekly-brainpost/2019/7/23/development-of-a-viral-vector-library-to-target-retinal-cell-types) | *BrainPost*, 23 July 2019

[Australian Pain Society 2019 Rising Star: A Chat With Arjun Muralidharan](https://www.painresearchforum.org/forums/interview/119869-australian-pain-society-2019-rising-star-chat-arjun-muralidharan) | *Pain Research Forum*, 10 July 2019

[Food and Drug Rewards are Processed by Unique Pathways in Mice](https://www.brainpost.co/weekly-brainpost/2019/7/9/food-and-drug-rewards-are-processed-by-unique-pathways-in-mice) | *BrainPost*, 10 July 2019

[Crowded Organelles and Lipid Membranes: Key Features in Parkinson’s Disease Pathology](https://www.brainpost.co/weekly-brainpost/2019/7/2/crowded-organelles-and-lipid-membranes-key-features-in-parkinsons-disease-pathology) | *BrainPost*, 3 July 2019

[From Christian Science to the Placebo Effect: A Chat with Tor Wager](/files/content/posts/tor-wager/wager.pdf) | *Australian Pain Society eNewsletter*, 26 June 2019

[New Sensation: Chronic Pain as a New Concept for the International Classification of Diseases](/files/content/posts/new-sensation-icd11/newsensation.pdf) | *Australian Pain Society eNewsletter*, 26 June 2019

[Understanding Placebo and Nocebo Effects: A Chat With Ben Colagiuri](https://www.painresearchforum.org/forums/interview/118541-understanding-placebo-and-nocebo-effects-chat-ben-colagiuri) | *Pain Research Forum*, 19 June 2019

[Testing the Effects of LSD Microdoses on Mood and Cognitive Functioning](https://www.brainpost.co/weekly-brainpost/2019/6/11/testing-the-effects-of-lsd-microdoses-on-mood-and-cognitive-functioning) | *BrainPost*, 11 June 2019

[Communications, Advocacy, and The Joshua Tree: A Chat with Beth Darnall](/files/content/posts/darnall/darnall.pdf) | *Australian Pain Society eNewsletter*, 5 June 2019

[Cops for Kids and the Australian Pain Society: Working Together to Support Research into Pain in Childhood](/files/content/posts/aps-cfk/cfksummary.pdf) | *Australian Pain Society eNewsletter*, 5 June 2019

[Hypothalamic Oxytocin Neurons Represent Fear Engrams in Rats](https://www.brainpost.co/weekly-brainpost/2019/5/21/hypothalamic-oxytocin-neurons-represent-fear-memory-traces-in-rats) | *BrainPost*, 21 May 2019

[A Search for Blood Biomarkers of Pain](https://www.painresearchforum.org/news/115699-search-blood-biomarkers-pain) | *Pain Research Forum*, 6 May 2019

[Thirst Controls Motivated Behavior by Modulating Neural Activity in Mice](https://www.brainpost.co/weekly-brainpost/2019/4/30/thirst-controls-motivated-behavior-by-modulating-neural-activity-in-mice) | *BrainPost*, 30 April 2019

[Early Skill Learning Occurs Predominantly at Rest](https://www.brainpost.co/weekly-brainpost/2019/4/2/early-skill-learning-occurs-predominantly-at-rest) | *BrainPost*, 2 April 2019

[Prescription Drug Diversion and Pain: History, Policy, and Treatment](/files/content/posts/prescription-drug-diversion-pain/prescriptiondrugdiversion.pdf) | *Australian Pain Society eNewsletter*, 2 April 2019

[Producing a Positive Mood Reduces Nocebo Effects](https://www.lincolntracy.com/posts/mood-and-placebo/) | *Personal Website*, 29 March 2019

[Heard It Through the Grapevine: Can Music Ease Pain?](https://relief.news/heard-it-through-the-grapevine-can-music-ease-pain/) | *RELIEF*, 25 March 2019

[Back (Pain) to the Drawing Board: Pain Education as a Treatment – A Chat with Lorimer Moseley](https://www.painresearchforum.org/forums/interview/111631-back-pain-drawing-board-pain-education-treatment%E2%80%94-chat-lorimer-moseley) | *Pain Research Forum*, 4 March 2019

[Hippocampal-Accumbens Pathway Drive Memories of Reward-Seeking Behavior](https://www.brainpost.co/weekly-brainpost/2019/2/26/hippocampal-accumbens-pathway-drives-memories-of-reward-seeking-behavior) | *BrainPost*, 26 February 2019

[Reminiscing about the North American Pain School with Anne Burke](/files/content/posts/naps-writeup/naps.pdf) | *Australian Pain Society eNewsletter*, 2 February 2019

## 2018
[Why Do Women Experience Chronic Pain More Often than Men?](http://relief.news/why-do-women-experience-chronic-pain-more-often-than-men/) | *RELIEF*, 16 October 2018

[Australian Pain Society Rising Star: A Chat With Flavia Di Pietro](https://www.painresearchforum.org/forums/interview/99485-australian-pain-society-rising-star-chat-flavia-di-pietro) | *Pain Research Forum*, 26 July 2018

[Resilience in the Face of Pain: A Chat With Liesbet Goubert](https://www.painresearchforum.org/forums/interview/99173-resilience-face-pain-chat-liesbet-goubert) | *Pain Research Forum*, 18 July 2018

[Sex and Gender Differences in Pain: A Chat With Edmund Keogh](https://www.painresearchforum.org/forums/interview/95462-sex-and-gender-differences-pain-chat-edmund-keogh) | *Pain Research Forum*, 24 April 2018

## 2017
[Catching Up With the 2017 North American Pain School Visiting Faculty: A Conversation with Jennifer Haythornthwaite](https://www.painresearchforum.org/forums/interview/85243-catching-2017-north-american-pain-school-visiting-faculty-conversation) | *Pain Research Forum*, 17 August 2017

Commit message:

Biggest margin post and other updates

content/freelance.md, after:

---
title: "Freelance Writing"
date: 2021-08-17
authorbox: false
sidebar: false
menu: 
    main: 
        name: "Freelance Writing"
        weight: 30
---

## 2021
[Distinct Roles for Social Brain Network Regions in Strategy Development](https://www.brainpost.co/weekly-brainpost/2021/8/24/distinct-roles-for-social-brain-network-regions-in-strategy-development) | *BrainPost*, 24 August 2021

[Thinking Outside of the Box When Communicating About Pain](https://www.painresearchforum.org/news/176410-thinking-outside-box-when-communicating-about-pain) | *Pain Research Forum*, 10 August 2021

[Cognitive Behavioral Group Therapy and Mindfulness Based Stress Reduction Recruit Similar Brain Regions](https://www.brainpost.co/weekly-brainpost/2021/7/27/cognitive-behavioral-group-therapy-and-mindfulness-based-stress-reduction-recruit-similar-brain-regions) | *BrainPost*, 27 July 2021

[Dopamine and Brain Network Dynamics in Schizophrenia](https://www.brainpost.co/weekly-brainpost/2021/6/15/dopamine-and-brain-network-dynamics-in-schizophrenia) | *BrainPost*, 15 June 2021

[IASP 2021 Virtual World Congress on Pain Award Winners: An Interview With Gary Lewin](https://www.painresearchforum.org/forums/interview/170966-iasp-2021-virtual-world-congress-pain-award-winners-interview-gary-lewin) Pain Research Forum, 1 June 2021

[IASP 2021 Virtual World Congress on Pain Award Winners: An Interview With Srinivasa Raja](https://www.painresearchforum.org/forums/interview/170965-iasp-2021-virtual-world-congress-pain-award-winners-interview-srinivasa-raja) | *Pain Research Forum*, 1 June 2021

[The Transition From Acute to Chronic Low Back Pain: How Common Is It? What Are the Risk Factors?](https://www.painresearchforum.org/news/169255-transition-acute-chronic-low-back-pain-how-common-it-what-are-risk-factors) | *Pain Research Forum*, 11 May 2021

[Greater Education Does Not Reduce the Rate of Brain Aging](https://www.brainpost.co/weekly-brainpost/2021/5/11/greater-education-does-not-reduce-the-rate-of-brain-aging) | *BrainPost*, 11 May 2021

[How Memories are ‘Rotated’ to Avoid Sensory Interference](https://www.brainpost.co/weekly-brainpost/2021/4/20/how-memories-are-protected-from-sensory-interference) | *BrainPost*, 20 April 2021

[Effect of Early Life Events on Latitude Gradient for Multiple Sclerosis](https://www.brainpost.co/weekly-brainpost/2021/3/16/effect-of-early-life-events-on-latitude-gradient-for-multiple-sclerosis-zsg9f) | *BrainPost*, 16 March 2021

[Positive Therapeutic Suggestions During General Anesthesia Reduce Pain and Opioid Use after Surgery](https://relief.news/2021/02/11/positive-therapeutic-suggestions-during-general-anesthesia-reduce-pain-and-opioid-use-after-surgery/) | *RELIEF*, 11 February 2021

[Timing Differences in Neural Responses Related to Perception of Synesthetic Colors](https://www.brainpost.co/weekly-brainpost/2021/2/9/timing-differences-in-neural-responses-related-to-perception-of-synesthetic-colors) | *BrainPost*, 9 February 2021

[Therapeutic Suggestions During General Anesthesia Reduce Postoperative Pain and Opioid Use](https://www.painresearchforum.org/news/161788-therapeutic-suggestions-during-general-anesthesia-reduce-postoperative-pain-and-opioid) | *Pain Research Forum*, 8 February 2021

[The Effect of Nucleus Accumbens Medium Spiny Neuron Subtypes on Stress-Induced Sleep Changes](https://www.brainpost.co/weekly-brainpost/2021/1/19/the-effect-of-nucleus-accumbens-medium-spiny-neuron-subtypes-on-stress-induced-sleep-changes) | *BrainPost*, 19 January 2021

## 2020
[Close Relationships Facilitate Efficient Performance of Social Goals](https://www.brainpost.co/weekly-brainpost/2020/12/8/close-relationships-facilitate-efficient-performance-of-social-goals) | *BrainPost*, 8 December 2020

[Natural Connection Patterns Drive Brain Development](https://www.brainpost.co/weekly-brainpost/2020/11/10/natural-connection-patterns-drive-brain-development) | *BrainPost*, 10 November 2020

[More Than a Watch: How Wearable Tech is Helping Advance Neuroscience](https://www.brainpost.co/weekly-brainpost/2020/10/20/more-than-a-watch-how-wearable-tech-is-helping-advance-neuroscience) | *BrainPost*, 20 October 2020

[Of Autoantibodies in Mice and Men: A Chat With Andreas Goebel](https://www.painresearchforum.org/forums/interview/151801-autoantibodies-mice-and-men-chat-andreas-goebel) | *Pain Research Forum*, 1 October 2020

[Understanding Osteoarthritis and the Pain It Causes: A Chat With Tuhina Neogi](https://www.painresearchforum.org/forums/interview/151206-understanding-osteoarthritis-and-pain-it-causes-chat-tuhina-neogi) | *Pain Research Forum*, 23 September 2020

[The Role of Group Identity in Social Influence](https://www.brainpost.co/weekly-brainpost/2020/9/22/the-role-of-group-identity-in-social-influence) | *BrainPost*, 22 September 2020

[Neuropeptides and Astrocytes Regulate Adult Neural Stem Cell Activity](https://www.brainpost.co/weekly-brainpost/2020/9/8/neuropeptides-and-astrocytes-regulate-adult-neural-stem-cell-activity) | *BrainPost*, 8 September 2020

[Pupillary Responses Linked to Neuronal Activity in the Insula](https://www.brainpost.co/weekly-brainpost/2020/8/11/pupillary-responses-linked-to-neuronal-activity-in-the-insula) | *BrainPost*, 12 August 2020

[Looking to Toxins to Understand Pain: A Chat With Australian Pain Society 2020 Rising Star Samuel Robinson](https://relief.news/2020/08/05/looking-to-toxins-to-understand-pain-a-chat-with-australian-pain-society-2020-rising-star-samuel-robinson/) | *RELIEF*, August 5 2020

[Racial Differences in Placebo Hypoalgesia](https://www.lincolntracy.com/posts/racial-differences-placebo-hypoalgesia/) | *Personal Website*, 25 July 2020

[Improving Musculoskeletal Pain Care in Brazil Through Education: An Interview with Physiotherapist-Turned-Researcher Felipe Reis](https://relief.news/2020/07/15/improving-musculoskeletal-pain-care-in-brazil-through-education-an-interview-with-physiotherapist-turned-researcher-felipe-reis/) | *RELIEF*, 15 July 2020

[Olfactory Support Cells, Not Primary Neurons, Are Targeted in COVID-19](https://www.brainpost.co/weekly-brainpost/2020/7/14/olfactory-support-cells-not-primary-neurons-are-targeted-in-covid-19) | *BrainPost*, 14 July 2020

[Looking to Toxins to Understand Pain: A Chat With Australian Pain Society 2020 Rising Star Samuel Robinson](https://www.painresearchforum.org/forums/interview/144979-looking-toxins-understand-pain-chat-australian-pain-society-2020-rising-star) | *Pain Research Forum*, 9 July 2020

[The Role of the Anterior Cingulate Cortex in Effort-Based Decision Making](https://www.brainpost.co/weekly-brainpost/2020/6/16/the-role-of-the-anterior-cingulate-cortex-in-effort-based-decision-making) | *BrainPost*, 16 June 2020

[Investigating the Mechanisms of Neuropathic Pain: An Interview With Margarita Calvo](https://www.painresearchforum.org/forums/interview/141896-investigating-mechanisms-neuropathic-pain-interview-margarita-calvo) | *Pain Research Forum*, 2 June 2020

[An International, Modern Replication of Prospect Theory](https://www.brainpost.co/weekly-brainpost/2020/5/26/an-international-modern-replication-of-prospect-theory) | *BrainPost*, 26 May 2020

[More Than One Way to Build a Thought](https://www.brainpost.co/weekly-brainpost/2020/4/21/more-than-one-way-to-build-a-thought-different-brain-regions-make-distinct-contributions) | *BrainPost*, 21 April 2020

[In the Search for New Drugs, the Migraine Field Wins the Day ─ Again](https://relief.news/in-the-search-for-new-drugs-the-migraine-field-wins-the-day-%e2%94%80-again/) | *RELIEF*, 1 April 2020 

[Nucleus Accumbens Inhibition is Required for Appetitive or Fearful Behaviors](https://www.brainpost.co/weekly-brainpost/2020/2/25/nucleus-accumbens-inhibition-is-required-for-appetitive-or-fearful-behaviors) | *BrainPost*, 25 February 2020

[2020 IASP World Congress on Pain Award Winners: An Interview With Jan Vollert](https://www.painresearchforum.org/forums/interview/134934-2020-iasp-world-congress-pain-award-winners-interview-jan-vollert) | *Pain Research Forum*, 24 February 2020

[Sports Psychology to Rehabilitation Medicine: An Interview with Shelley Wiechman](/files/content/posts/shelley-wiechman/wiechman.pdf) | *Australian Pain Society*, 13 February 2020

[Learning from Your Mistakes: The Role of Dopamine Activity in Prediction Errors](https://www.brainpost.co/weekly-brainpost/2020/2/11/learning-from-your-mistakes-the-role-of-dopamine-activity-in-prediction-errors) | *BrainPost*, 11 February 2020

[In the Search for New Drugs, the Migraine Field Wins the Day ─ Again](https://www.painresearchforum.org/news/133509-search-new-drugs-migraine-field-wins-day-%E2%94%80-again) | *Pain Research Forum*, 4 February 2020

[Gene-Environment Interactions, Major Depressive Disorder and Traumatic Experiences](https://www.brainpost.co/weekly-brainpost/2020/1/28/gene-environment-interactions-major-depressive-disorder-and-traumatic-experiences) | *BrainPost*, 29 January 2020

[When a Headache Treatment Actually Makes the Headache Worse](https://relief.news/when-a-headache-treatment-actually-makes-the-headache-worse/) | *RELIEF*, 23 January 2020

## 2019
[Ongoing Antidepressant Medication Treatment Prevents Recurrence of Major Depression](https://www.brainpost.co/weekly-brainpost/2019/12/24/ongoing-antidepressant-medication-treatment-prevents-recurrence-of-major-depression) | *BrainPost*, 24 December 2019

[A Pioneering Nurse Researcher and The Fresh Prince: An Interview with Alette De Jong](/files/content/posts/alette-dejong/dejong.pdf) | *Australian Pain Society eNewsletter*, 12 December 2019

[Meanings of Pain Volume 2: Common Types of Pain and Language](/files/content/posts/meanings-of-pain-vol2/meaningsofpain.pdf) | *Australian Pain Society eNewsletter*, 12 December 2019

[A New Mechanism of Medication-Overuse Headache](https://www.painresearchforum.org/news/129507-new-mechanism-medication-overuse-headache) | *Pain Research Forum*, 4 December 2019

[Keep At It: Improving an Old Strategy to Find New Treatments for Itch](https://relief.news/keep-at-it-improving-an-old-strategy-to-find-new-treatments-for-itch/) | *RELIEF*, 19 November 2019

[Creepy-Crawlies in Pain Research: From a Spider Venom to a Pain Reliever in Mice](https://relief.news/creepy-crawlies-in-pain-research-from-a-spider-venom-to-a-pain-reliever/) | *RELIEF*, 7 November 2019

[Stress-Induced Lateral Habenula Changes and the Association with Depressive Behavior in Mice](https://www.brainpost.co/weekly-brainpost/2019/11/5/stress-induced-lateral-habenula-changes-and-the-association-with-depressive-behavior-in-mice?rq=Lincoln%20Tracy) | *BrainPost*, 5 November 2019

[If at First You Don’t Succeed, Try, Try Again: An Improved Strategy to Treat Itch](https://www.painresearchforum.org/news/126348-if-first-you-don%E2%80%99t-succeed-try-try-again-improved-strategy-treat-itch) | *Pain Research Forum*, 15 October 2019

[X-Chromosome Insufficiency Alters the Structure and Function of the Human Visual Cortex](https://www.brainpost.co/weekly-brainpost/2019/10/15/x-chromosome-insufficiency-alters-the-structure-and-function-of-the-human-visual-cortex) | *BrainPost*, 15 October 2019

[Everybody Has Won and All Must Have Prizes: Dodo Birds in Psychological Treatments for Chronic Pain](https://www.painresearchforum.org/news/125485-%E2%80%9Ceverybody-has-won-and-all-must-have-prizes%E2%80%9D-dodo-birds-psychological-treatments-chronic) | *Pain Research Forum*, 2 October 2019

[Focus and Frank: A Conversation with Sean Mackey](/files/content/posts/sean-mackey/mackey.pdf) | *Australian Pain Society eNewsletter*, 2 October 2019

[Communication Between Brain Regions During Working Memory](https://www.brainpost.co/weekly-brainpost/2019/9/24/communication-between-brain-regions-during-working-memory) | *BrainPost*, 25 September 2019

[Back to Basics (Pain Research)](/files/content/posts/bpr-sig-pcw-2019/bprsig2019pcw.pdf) | *Australian Pain Society eNewsletter*, 5 September 2019

[Identification of a Novel Neural Circuit for Depressive Symptoms in Chronic Pain](https://www.brainpost.co/weekly-brainpost/2019/9/3/identification-of-a-novel-neural-circuit-for-depressive-symptoms-in-chronic-pain) | *BrainPost*, 4 September 2019

[Cerebral Blood Flow Changes as a Potential Biomarker of Major Depressive Disorder](https://www.brainpost.co/weekly-brainpost/2019/8/13/cerebral-blood-flow-changes-as-a-potential-biomarker-of-major-depressive-disorder) | *BrainPost*, 13 August 2019

[From a Spider Venom to an Analgesic in Mice](https://www.painresearchforum.org/news/121897-spider-venom-analgesic-mice) | *Pain Research Forum*, 7 August 2019

[Personalised Treatment, Collaboration, and Puzzles: A Chat with Nanna Finnerup](/files/content/posts/nanna-finnerup/finnerup.pdf) | *Australian Pain Society eNewsletter*, 5 August 2019

[Development of a Viral Vector Library to Target Retinal Cell Types](https://www.brainpost.co/weekly-brainpost/2019/7/23/development-of-a-viral-vector-library-to-target-retinal-cell-types) | *BrainPost*, 23 July 2019

[Australian Pain Society 2019 Rising Star: A Chat With Arjun Muralidharan](https://www.painresearchforum.org/forums/interview/119869-australian-pain-society-2019-rising-star-chat-arjun-muralidharan) | *Pain Research Forum*, 10 July 2019

[Food and Drug Rewards are Processed by Unique Pathways in Mice](https://www.brainpost.co/weekly-brainpost/2019/7/9/food-and-drug-rewards-are-processed-by-unique-pathways-in-mice) | *BrainPost*, 10 July 2019

[Crowded Organelles and Lipid Membranes: Key Features in Parkinson’s Disease Pathology](https://www.brainpost.co/weekly-brainpost/2019/7/2/crowded-organelles-and-lipid-membranes-key-features-in-parkinsons-disease-pathology) | *BrainPost*, 3 July 2019

[From Christian Science to the Placebo Effect: A Chat with Tor Wager](/files/content/posts/tor-wager/wager.pdf) | *Australian Pain Society eNewsletter*, 26 June 2019

[New Sensation: Chronic Pain as a New Concept for the International Classification of Diseases](/files/content/posts/new-sensation-icd11/newsensation.pdf) | *Australian Pain Society eNewsletter*, 26 June 2019

[Understanding Placebo and Nocebo Effects: A Chat With Ben Colagiuri](https://www.painresearchforum.org/forums/interview/118541-understanding-placebo-and-nocebo-effects-chat-ben-colagiuri) | *Pain Research Forum*, 19 June 2019

[Testing the Effects of LSD Microdoses on Mood and Cognitive Functioning](https://www.brainpost.co/weekly-brainpost/2019/6/11/testing-the-effects-of-lsd-microdoses-on-mood-and-cognitive-functioning) | *BrainPost*, 11 June 2019

[Communications, Advocacy, and The Joshua Tree: A Chat with Beth Darnall](/files/content/posts/darnall/darnall.pdf) | *Australian Pain Society eNewsletter*, 5 June 2019

[Cops for Kids and the Australian Pain Society: Working Together to Support Research into Pain in Childhood](/files/content/posts/aps-cfk/cfksummary.pdf) | *Australian Pain Society eNewsletter*, 5 June 2019

[Hypothalamic Oxytocin Neurons Represent Fear Engrams in Rats](https://www.brainpost.co/weekly-brainpost/2019/5/21/hypothalamic-oxytocin-neurons-represent-fear-memory-traces-in-rats) | *BrainPost*, 21 May 2019

[A Search for Blood Biomarkers of Pain](https://www.painresearchforum.org/news/115699-search-blood-biomarkers-pain) | *Pain Research Forum*, 6 May 2019

[Thirst Controls Motivated Behavior by Modulating Neural Activity in Mice](https://www.brainpost.co/weekly-brainpost/2019/4/30/thirst-controls-motivated-behavior-by-modulating-neural-activity-in-mice) | *BrainPost*, 30 April 2019

[Early Skill Learning Occurs Predominantly at Rest](https://www.brainpost.co/weekly-brainpost/2019/4/2/early-skill-learning-occurs-predominantly-at-rest) | *BrainPost*, 2 April 2019

[Prescription Drug Diversion and Pain: History, Policy, and Treatment](/files/content/posts/prescription-drug-diversion-pain/prescriptiondrugdiversion.pdf) | *Australian Pain Society eNewsletter*, 2 April 2019

[Producing a Positive Mood Reduces Nocebo Effects](https://www.lincolntracy.com/posts/mood-and-placebo/) | *Personal Website*, 29 March 2019

[Heard It Through the Grapevine: Can Music Ease Pain?](https://relief.news/heard-it-through-the-grapevine-can-music-ease-pain/) | *RELIEF*, 25 March 2019

[Back (Pain) to the Drawing Board: Pain Education as a Treatment – A Chat with Lorimer Moseley](https://www.painresearchforum.org/forums/interview/111631-back-pain-drawing-board-pain-education-treatment%E2%80%94-chat-lorimer-moseley) | *Pain Research Forum*, 4 March 2019

[Hippocampal-Accumbens Pathway Drive Memories of Reward-Seeking Behavior](https://www.brainpost.co/weekly-brainpost/2019/2/26/hippocampal-accumbens-pathway-drives-memories-of-reward-seeking-behavior) | *BrainPost*, 26 February 2019

[Reminiscing about the North American Pain School with Anne Burke](/files/content/posts/naps-writeup/naps.pdf) | *Australian Pain Society eNewsletter*, 2 February 2019

## 2018
[Why Do Women Experience Chronic Pain More Often than Men?](http://relief.news/why-do-women-experience-chronic-pain-more-often-than-men/) | *RELIEF*, 16 October 2018

[Australian Pain Society Rising Star: A Chat With Flavia Di Pietro](https://www.painresearchforum.org/forums/interview/99485-australian-pain-society-rising-star-chat-flavia-di-pietro) | *Pain Research Forum*, 26 July 2018

[Resilience in the Face of Pain: A Chat With Liesbet Goubert](https://www.painresearchforum.org/forums/interview/99173-resilience-face-pain-chat-liesbet-goubert) | *Pain Research Forum*, 18 July 2018

[Sex and Gender Differences in Pain: A Chat With Edmund Keogh](https://www.painresearchforum.org/forums/interview/95462-sex-and-gender-differences-pain-chat-edmund-keogh) | *Pain Research Forum*, 24 April 2018

## 2017
[Catching Up With the 2017 North American Pain School Visiting Faculty: A Conversation with Jennifer Haythornthwaite](https://www.painresearchforum.org/forums/interview/85243-catching-2017-north-american-pain-school-visiting-faculty-conversation) | *Pain Research Forum*, 17 August 2017
